binary-distribution-format: Update a mention of distutils (#1551)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/specifications/binary-distribution-format.rst

     destination path. Each subdirectory of ``distribution-1.0.data/``
     is a key into a dict of destination directories, such as
     ``distribution-1.0.data/(purelib|platlib|headers|scripts|data)``.

>      These subdirectories are `installation paths defined by sysconfig
>      <https://docs.python.org/3/library/sysconfig.html#installation-paths>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     These subdirectories are :ref:`installation paths defined by sysconfig
     <python:installation-paths>`_.
```
